README.md, before:

# Vendor-Independent Quantum Transpiler

The Vendor-Independent Quantum Transpiler is a quantum transpiler written in Python3 that compiles quantum circuits for several QPUs. The transpiler supports importing and exporting circuits from various quantum platforms and quantum instruction languages.

## Dependencies

There are several dependencies that need to be installed on the system. Some of the dependencies (e.g Qiskit and Pyquil) need gcc to be installed on the system. Furthermore, Python dev must be installed (e.g. sudo dnf install python3-devel).
It is recommended to install them with [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/). 

```bash
pip install qiskit
pip install pyquil
pip install flask
pip install flask-cors
pip install pydot
```

### Frontend
The fronted is developed with [Angular](https://angular.io/):
 ```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
cd frontend
npm install
```

## Usage
To start the server run:
```bash
python -m frontend_service.circuit_wrapper_service
```

To start the frontend run:
```bash
ng serve --open
```

The library is executed as a module.
Test Examples:
```bash
python3 -m conversion.test_circuit_converter   
python3 -m circuit.test_circuit_wrapper   
python3 -m test.2.2_test
```

Commit message:

readme ibm qx token description

README.md, after:

# Vendor-Independent Quantum Transpiler

The Vendor-Independent Quantum Transpiler is a quantum transpiling and analyzing framework written in Python3 that compiles quantum circuits for several QPUs. The user is guided through the whole process of importing, visualizing, editing, simulating and exporting quantum circuits. Additionally, the quantum circuit is analyzed regarding various QPUs and the transpiled, executable quantum circuit can be exported in the respective quantum instruction language. 

## Dependencies

There are several dependencies that need to be installed on the system. Some of the dependencies (e.g Qiskit and Pyquil) need gcc to be installed on the system. Furthermore, Python dev must be installed (e.g. sudo dnf install python3-devel).
It is recommended to install them with [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/). 

```bash
pip install qiskit
pip install pyquil
pip install flask
pip install flask-cors
pip install pydot
```

To access the coupling maps of the IBM QPUs an [IBM QX Token](https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account) is needed. This must be saved in the environment to access the services (see [Access IBM Quantum Systems](https://qiskit.org/documentation/install.html#install-access-ibm-q-devices-label)).

### Frontend
The fronted is developed with [Angular](https://angular.io/):
 ```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
cd frontend
npm install
```

## Usage
To start the server run:
```bash
python -m frontend_service.circuit_wrapper_service
```

To start the frontend run:
```bash
ng serve --open
```

The library is executed as a module.
Test Examples:
```bash
python3 -m conversion.test_circuit_converter   
python3 -m circuit.test_circuit_wrapper   
python3 -m test.2.2_test
```
